TODO: MLM and CLM need to tie weights to be fully equivalent to HuggingFace.

TODO: Hour-long backoff wrapper around streamed datasets, to smooth over HuggingFace outages when streaming.
    - Also spice it up by sending the user an email to notify them of this "hybernation mode".
    - Also save the model.

TODO: SuperGLUE:
    - COPA is almost done
    - ReCoRD is almost done
    - WiC
    - WSC

TODO: Add SWAG. https://huggingface.co/docs/transformers/tasks/multiple_choice

TODO: For SuperGLUE, HuggingFace has dedicated evaluate metrics. Check those out. Record and MultiRC both have EM, for example.

TODO: MNLI validation and test set should be switched (now test set comes from train and that's easier)

TODO: DP has an extremely niche issue where, if you train for like 12 epochs with device batch size 128, GPU memory has slowly
      become too fragmented due to the logit tensors of size N² with N varying per example. No idea how to fix this.
      Here's the error:
        torch.OutOfMemoryError: CUDA out of memory. Tried to allocate 28.16 GiB.
        GPU 0 has a total capacity of 79.14 GiB of which 27.70 GiB is free.
        Including non-PyTorch memory, this process has 51.44 GiB memory in use.
        Of the allocated memory 41.16 GiB is allocated by PyTorch, and 8.37 GiB is reserved by PyTorch but unallocated.
        If reserved but unallocated memory is large try setting PYTORCH_CUDA_ALLOC_CONF=expandable_segments:True to avoid fragmentation. See documentation for Memory Management  (https://pytorch.org/docs/stable/notes/cuda.html#environment-variables)
      You can sort of fix it by using a different device batch size, although no guarantees...

TODO: It would be very cool if there was a callback connected to some kind of messaging
      service, where you could send a signal to kill training and the model will (after the current step) quit and save.
      You could e.g. reply to an email that says "LaMoTO training started" and it will fetch replies to the email once
      every X steps. Alternatively, WandB might have some kind of stopping built into the UI. https://github.com/wandb/wandb/issues/3366

TODO: I would like more decoupling between evaluation and saving.
    - Be able to save more frequently than evals so that you don't lose hours of progress just because you're scared of the cost of eval.
      You could do this by having a callback that triggers a save to a different folder (because the Trainer tracks which checkpoints exist
      using folder names).

TODO: Test the resume-from-folder functionality. It isn't properly tested.
    - Also, this is really too much manual labour. Resuming should be done automatically where possible.

TODO: Tokeniser parallelisation.

TODO: in the TaskTrainer.train core,
    - Should the optimisers be given as training parameters to allow the use of accelerate (and perhaps multi-GPU)?
    - I wonder if .train(resume_from_checkpoint) keeps instance-level architecture or acts like .from_pretrained() in that it resets the architecture.

TODO: Implement QA. There is a head for this in ArchIt. I wonder if you need a "sneaky logit transform" for this like for DP due to
      varying logit sizes. The Trainer tutorial for QA sidesteps this question: https://huggingface.co/docs/transformers/tasks/question_answering#evaluate

TODO: I'm not happy with how metrics are set up. It really makes zero sense to embed constructor arguments inside
      the task config to then parse them implicitly (if you didn't forget them) or error (because you did forget them).
    - Also, a metric should be able to tell at declaration whether it will be able to deliver a requested result, rather
      than only being able to do a sanity check after it has been computed.